My name is Eric Ianni. I enjoy many hobbies. I have been running a chainmaille business for a few years. By business I mean I have sold a few things and spent more money than I have taken in. I also do leather working and turn wooden goblets. I have a small farm. By a small farm I mean I don't live in a rural area but have six chickens, two 1000sqft gardens, a mini orchard, two beehives, three dogs, two cats, three rabbits, and one fish. This year we will have two alpacas. I would like to blame it on the fact that I married a veterinarian but I can't. Apparently all the animals, except the rabbits and fish, were my idea. 

I love my life and the unexpected turns it has taken. Who would have ever thought a boy from a white picket-fence suburban town would end up in the sticks of North Carolina? I am truly a blessed man and have married exceedingly well. If you asked me how I convinced her to marry me I couldn't tell you. She supports all my insane projects and endeavours. I wouldn't be taking this course of study if it weren't for her. 

Programming Background

I spent three years in high school learning how to program in C++ and Java. It was my favorite subject and I wanted to make it my career. I had grand dreams. I was going to graduate college, perhaps in three years, with a CS degree and land a sweet job. I would live with a bunch of smelly lonely guys and eat chicken and rice. This would allow me to save an insane amount of money. I was going to be able to walk into a Ford dealership with a bag of cash like something out of Miami Vice and outright purchase a Mustang. Then after I had made my fortune I would retire, in my 40's, and take a job teaching CS to high schoolers. I had it all planned out.

As the saying goes, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." My plan didn't survive the first semester of college. It wasn't that I didn't like the subject anymore; it was I didn't like the prospect of spending my life in an office sitting at a desk all day. I decided to fall back on my second major: History. More Life happened and I ended up adding Classical Studies as a second major. I graduated with two degrees from college, neither of them a CS degree. I became a teacher, thus bypassing all my dreams of heaps of cash by becoming a high school Latin teacher.
